Glass rod
A game of basketball is made up of four quarters, each ten (or in the National Basketball Association 12,) minutes long. At the start of every game the referee throws the basketball up in the air, and one player from each team tries to hit it to their teammates, that is called a "jump ball."
VOA was organized in 1942 under the Office of War Information with news programs aimed at Europe and North Africa occupied by Germany. VOA began broadcasting on February 24, 1942. Transmitters used by VOA came from shortwave transmitters used by the Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS) and National Broadcasting Company (NBC). Voice of America began to transmit radio broadcasts into the Soviet Union on February 17, 1947.
St Kitts and Nevis is about one-third of the way from Puerto Rico to Trinidad and Tobago.
A hectare is a unit of measurement. It measures the area of something, most often the area of land, or of very large buildings. It is equal to 10,000 square metres, or a square with sides of 100 by 100 metres. It is equal to 2.47 "acres". 100 hectares is one square kilometre. Therefore, a farm with 200 hectares of fields has 2 square kilometers of fields.
Mosel-Saar-Ruwer
Diving is a form of movement downwards, either from air to ground or to water. Diving is also a sport. Diving is often done from a springboard or an elevated platform. 
Cell division
The Akuntsu tribe is one of the tribes of Rondônia. They are one of the indigenous peoples of Brazil. They were first contacted in only 1995. At that time, there were only seven people in the tribe. As of 2006, there were six people. They live in the Igarape Omere region to the southwest of Rondônia. The tribe consists of chief Kunibu Baba (male, age: ~ 70), Pupak (male, age: ~ 40), Ururu (female, age:~80) and three women with ages from 23-35. The seventh member of the tribe died in 1995. The only child born after that died in 2000 in a storm. With his death the only hope of the tribe not becoming extinct lessened.
During World War II there was an air raid on Bari. It was called the "Little Pearl Harbor".
In 99 BC, Sima Qian got involved in the Li Ling Affair. He was punished and sent to prison. Sima Qian would be sentenced to death if he could not pay a fine or accept the terrible punishment - castration. With the fact that Sima Qian did not have enough money to pay the fine and he hoped to finish writing the Records of the Grand Historian, he accepted the castration. Sima Qian finally spent 19 years to write that book.
Girls Aloud was a British girl group created by an ITV television show named "" in 2002. The group's members were Cheryl Cole (née Tweedy), Nadine Coyle, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh. Girls Aloud have become one of the most successful British pop groups of the 2000s, with a record-breaking twenty consecutive Top 10 singles (including four number ones), six platinum albums (including two number ones) and record sales of more than 4.3 million in the UK. They have also been nominated for five BRIT Awards, winning Best Single in 2009 for The Promise. The Guinness Book of World Records list them as "the most successful reality TV group of all time". In March 2013, the group announced that they were splitting up.
Astronomical measure uses:
After his release from prison, Reuter started studying law again at the University of Heidelberg but had to leave and go back to Stavenhagen and help to run his father's farm. When his father died, he gave up farming, and in 1850 became a private teacher in a little town then called Treptow-an-der-Tollense in Pomerania. Here he married Luise Kunze, the daughter of a Mecklenburg pastor.
The band, who have achieved a world-wide following, have won many awards for their music, and have released seven studio albums and twenty-eight singles. Foo Fighters have won eleven Grammy Awards. The current members of the band are Dave Grohl (singer), Nate Mendel (bass guitar), Taylor Hawkins (drums) and Pat Smear (guitar).
Anquetil was born in Mont-Saint-Aigan. He died of stomach cancer in Rouen. 
The planet Uranus has appeared in various forms of fiction:
Cell
Seine-et-Marne is a department found in the center of France in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Melun and its population is about 1,260,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution.
Chuathbaluk, Alaska
Whitesburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Takenori Hayashi (born 14 October 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba.
191||0
An exception to this rule is when an outside energy source forces the reaction to occur in the opposite direction, such as when a battery is recharged. Knowing the equilibrium constant of a reaction also helps you to understand the flow of energy that occurs during the reaction (thermodynamics).
295||24||26||0||51||0||372||24
After getting his degree, Healey joined the Royal Engineers, and served in the British forces in several countries during World War II. He took an important part in the Battle of Anzio, towards the end of the war. After the war, he joined the Labour Party, and made an important speech to the Labour Party conference in 1945, shortly before the United Kingdom general election, 1945. 
WrestleMania XXVII was the twenty-seventh yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.
Tatsuhiko Seta
In the American west, the Spanish were colonizing what would become Texas, California. The equivalent of the sheriff was called an Alguacil (sheriff/constable). As Americans moved west, they often started new communities. A sheriff was usually the only available law enforcement. Sheriffs had the power of "posse comitatus". That means a sheriff had the power to deputize anyone to help him keep the peace or go after and arrest criminals. A group of temporary deputies under the authority of a sheriff is called a posse. As America grew the posse was used less and less. Sheriffs are still the main law enforcement in rural areas. 
This massive eruptive event spanned the Permian-Triassic boundary, about 250 million years ago, and is widely cited as a cause of the Permian-Triassic extinction event. This extinction event, also called the Great Dying, affected all life on Earth, and is estimated to have killed 90% of species living at the time. Life on land took 30 million years to recover from the environmental disruptions caused by the eruption of the Siberian Traps.
Chenopodioideae
Each year a number of medals are awarded, including the "Albert Medal", the "Benjamin Franklin Medal", and the "Bicentenary Medal". Medal winners include Nelson Mandela, Sir Frank Whittle and Professor Stephen Hawking.
Deinococcus radiodurans
The "independent" variable is the variable that you have control over, what you can choose and manipulate. It is usually what you think will affect the dependent variable. In some cases, you may not be able to manipulate the independent variable. It may be something that is already there and is fixed, something you would like to evaluate with respect to how it affects something else, the independent variable like color, kind, time. As an example, you are interested in how stress affects heart rate in humans. Your independent variable would be the stress and the dependent variable would be the heart rate. You can directly manipulate stress levels in your human subjects and measure how those stress levels change heart rate.
In 2004, "Adventure Gamers" ranked "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" at #4 on their list of "Top 20 Adventure Games of All-Time". "Adventure Classic Gaming" ranked it at #3 on their list of "Top 10 retro graphic adventure games of all time from PC to consoles", in 2006. "Metacritic" ranked it at #9 on their list of "25 Best iPhone and iPad Games of 2010". In 2011, "Adventure Gamers" ranked it at #4 again on their list of "Top 100 All-Time Adventures". In 2011, the first two Broken Sword games have been downloaded by over 4 million people. 
The term can be used positively or negatively depending on the speaker, usage, and intent. The term can describe the person or the activity. Although often referring to "an unattractive older gay man" and although troll as a slur "is primarily a visual, not a behavioral" judgment, the terms can be used for anyone who is "trolling" regardless of the putative troll's age or perceived beauty.
She began to act with the age of 8 years. She had some guest appearances like "Zoey 101". She played from 2007 to 2012 in the TV series "iCarly" as "Sam Puckett".
It is a popular target for both amateur and professional astronomy study.
Clift was born on October 17 1920, in Omaha, Nebraska. He was raised in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City. He began his career in Broadway in 1935 when he was only 13 years old. He worked with many famous actors such as Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor. 
Paron
All these expeditions were supported by legionaries and had mainly a commercial purpose. Only the one done by emperor Nero seemed to be a preparative for the conquest of Ethiopia or Nubia: in 62 AD two legionaries explored the sources of the Nile river.
is scheduled for release in July 14, 2017.
Juliet (Shakespeare)
She grew up in Southern California's Inland Empire. She has Down syndrome.
Windows 20xx can refer to either an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:
Extradition is a process by which someone who has committed a crime, or is suspected to have committed a crime is handed from one country to another. Generally, one country then makes a formal request to the other. Under international law, there is no obligation to extradite a person. There is a web of treaties, which state under what conditions extradition is possible.
Horses in World War I were very easily killed by machine guns and ordinary guns on the battlefields. Over 48,000 horses were killed in World War I, 210 from poison gas. Many drowned, died of exhaustion, or got stuck in mud or shell holes.
Berghem
When he found Livingstone, Stanley reportedly asked, "Dr. Livingstone, I presume?" Stanley is also known for his search for the source of the Nile, his work in the Congo Basin, and for commanding the Emin Pasha Relief Expedition. 
Ramus Pomifer
Cecelia Holland
In 1998 she was hired by Antena 3 to work at "Noticias 1" with the host Matías Prats until 2006. Since then, she hosts the morning program: "Espejo público".
Desmosome
Otelfingen is a municipality of the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
in the Chartist journal The Red Republican. Its editor, Julian Harney, named the authors for the first
Amar Singh Thapa
